.TH "zarfy" 1
.SH NAME
zarfy \- A graphical front end to librandr
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B zarfy [-l | -s] [-d display] [-m [scale]]

.SH DESCRIPTION
zarfy is a graphical front end to libXrandr, allowing for on-the-fly configuration
of multiple monitors with no need for restarting the Xserver. 

In normal mode (no command line options) a representation of the virtual screen area is displayed
with each active output mapped onto it. To position an output device, select it
by clicking on it's thumb at the top of the window, then click the map area where it should go.
By default, the click is interpreted as "right-of", "beneath", etc., relative to the output
nearest to the click. Alternately, free positioning can be done by clicking off the "snap-to"
button.

zarfy saves your monitor configuration on apply/ok and automatically loads it on next run. The configuration
file is saved to ~/$XDG_DATA_HOME/zarfy/$DISPLAY or if XDG_DATA_HOME is undefined:
 ~/.local/share/zarfy/$DISPLAY.

zarfy supports scripting for rotation/reflection. If you have a script for adjusting an input device
when a monitor is rotated/reflected (eg. tablet pc users), it can be set to execute autmatically when zarfy
transforms the output monitor. zarfy looks for scripts of the form "~/$XDG_DATA_HOME/zarfy/<xdisplay_name>/<output_name>_RR.sh" and, if it exists,
executes it with one of the following arguments: "rotate_none", "rotate_left", "rotate_right", "rotate_180",
"refect_x", "reflect_y", "unreflect_x", "unreflect_y".
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-l
Just load the last configuration and exit...no gui. 
.TP
.B \-s
Quick switch mode. A simple popup gui to quickly switch between combinations
of displays, suitable for launch from a function key. Use the left/right arrow keys
to step between combos, enter to select & exit, or use the mouse.
.TP
.B \-d display
Specify the X display name. If not given, defaults to current display.  If you specify -m without parameter, zarfy will 
scale automatically (the original behaviour before this change)
.TP
.B \-m [scale]
Specify the scale factor of the the virtual screen area. If you specify -m without 
a parameter, zarfy will scale automatically. The default scale is 0.1. 
.SH SEE ALSO
arandr, xrandr
.SH BUGS
None known


